add pentration testing (#5)
cleder/awesome-python-testing: README.md

## Code Coverage

> - [Coverage.py](https://coverage.readthedocs.io) - is a tool for measuring code coverage of Python programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Coverage.py](https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy) - is a tool for measuring code coverage of Python programs.
```

## Mutation Testing

- [Cosmic Ray](https://github.com/sixty-north/cosmic-ray) - makes small changes to your source code, running your test suite for each one.

> - [Mutatest](https://mutatest.readthedocs.io/en/latest) - Python mutation testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mutatest](https://github.com/EvanKepner/mutatest) - Python mutation testing.
```

Author: Okay, I agree to be the (GitHub) repository link as standard
